the fan of our resume houses two female
Asian elephants
this is Sujatha and littlemack they're
both 40 years old
they're both originally from India and
came to the Santa Barbara Zoo in 1972 we
do this style painting with the
elephants it's also part of our
husbandry with them if you saline
solution treatments and they're strong
and we actually put the saline solution
right here and then they'll blow it out
so this is a fun way to correlate that
behavior with painting Xavier as well
painting sessions with the elephants is
considered in Richmond and enrichment is
anything that helps stimulate the animal
and provide a productive day so we'll
also put out toys for them throughout
thousand cubes and painting is also fun
in them so we just put the same
and a little bit Susie after teens are
free it's gonna hold up for Trump and
we're just gonna put it just on the
inside right there when she falls down
the girls low good girl and she just
threw all the paint onto the canvas
so the pan that we're using is too
simple washable paint it's non-toxic
it's all water-based so if there's any
that gets into their trunk which they
would physically have to put in their
mouth to get so it's all safe for the
elephant
Susy is influenced by Pollock an icy
Mack has her own individual style
the other canvas Sujatha and littlemack
are participating in their first art
show art from unexpected sources this
straw and acrylic piece elephant cosmos
will be on display at the Ventura County
Government Center from August 26
till October 12 the show is curated by
jurors and open only to qualified
artists Sujatha and littlemack
were specifically invited to participate